ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
EPISODE 6
Now…
Plan B is the only option now.
And in order for it to succeed,
we must kill them all.
As soon as they come out,
-kill them all.
-Mr. Nam,
even if we go with plan B, if we kill
them, the North won't sit back--
What if they won't?
We made a deal--
You think they'll disclose
that we made a deal?
We have no choice but
to exaggerate the engagement.
If the North throws a monkey wrench
into the works, it'll fail!
You think they're that stupid?
You think they'll refuse the chance
to make huge money every election?
But if it fails,
the hostages' lives will be in danger!
God damn it!
What are you waiting for? Kill them!
Everyone, retreat.
This is HQ. Ambush team,
we're going in for the kill.
Once the targets are in the zone,
kill them at all costs.
The targets appeared. All units,
they're approaching the kill zone.
Stand by.
Let's go.
Stop.
Three targets, armed with AK-47s.
A change of plan. Open fire.
Eung-cheol!
Everyone, calm down.
I think they're trying to escape
through the exit in basement two.
And I'll go after them right now.